Deprecate use_contrib_script_compatible_ec2_tag_keys and use_contrib_script_compatible_sanitization (#2854)
ansible-collections/amazon.aws: docs/docsite/rst/aws_ec2_guide.rst

``use_contrib_script_compatible_ec2_tag_keys`` and ``use_contrib_script_compatible_sanitization``
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

.. deprecated:: 11.2.0
   The ``use_contrib_script_compatible_ec2_tag_keys`` option is deprecated and will be removed in a release after 2026-12-01.

>    We advise to migrate to the ``ec2_tags`` structure (e.g. use ``ec2_tags.TAGNAME`` instead of ``ec2_tag_TAGNAME``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   We recommend migrating to using the ``ec2_tags`` structure (e.g. use ``ec2_tags.TAGNAME`` instead of ``ec2_tag_TAGNAME``).
```
